## Table2Charts

Table2Charts is a recent work with effort in automating the business intelligence process with table to sequence tasks. It models the chart recommendation process as sequences of pre-defined action tokens, which will be 
generated by deep-Q network combined with a set of human defined rules. This work breakdown the chart recommendation work into chart type suggesting and aesthetics auto-completion, and claimed to solve three main current problems:

1. It models the chart recommendation task as a sequence generation problem, which enables the usage of reinforcement learning models. 
2. It alleviate the exposure bias problem with search sampling method. 
3. Most of the prior arts couldn't handle chart type recommendation and field auto-completion together. Training these two tasks seperately consumes huge amount of time and memory.
4. The model is trained on large scale corpus. 

### Deep-Q network with copy mechanism 
The sequence generation model leverages the encoder-decoder framework, where the encoder takes the field header, data type, and data statistics into account. The decoder includes attention mechanisms to 
select the most appropriate fields and determine the type of the next token: whether it refers to a specific data field or represents an action. 

### Search Sampling 
As the model will be completely trained by teacher-forcing method, it is very likely for the inference method to deviate largely from the ground truth. During inference, this work adopts the next-token generation Q network as the heuristic function to conduct beam searching. 
The expanded states will then be stored in a replay memory for periodic update of the Q-network itself. 

### Mixed Training and Transfer Learning
The chart type recommendation module and chart auto-completion module share the same encoder. More specifically, the encoder will be trained on chart type recommendation first and fixed for the subsequent auto-completion training. 

### Large Training corpus
- Excel corpus: 266252 charts created from 165214 tables. 
- Plotly corpus: 67617 charts from 36888 tables
